## v2.3

### New features

- Style Tweaks
	- Twitter links now have expandos to view inline (unless you use Opera, sorry. It doesn't allow me to do cross domain XHR)
- Keyboard Navigation
	- Better support for Chrome and Safari's ability to let you divert comment links to new tabs (or choose not to)
	- "Load new comments links" now work with the keyboard!
- Uppers and Downers
	- Now they load on "load new comments" comments!
		- Note: This only works on "nested" comments, not the links at the bottom of the page. Long story.
- Inline Image Viewer
	- Removed the "useSmallImage" option and replaced it with "imageSize" - pick any size image from imgur! Great for low bandwidth connections, and smaller screens like netbooks.
- Live Comment Preview
	- Surprise! Live preview of tables!

### Bug fixes

- General
	- Fixed a settings issue that was causing problems in Chrome dev builds. More a bug with Chrome in my opinion, but whatever. ;-)
- User Tagger
	- Fixed that nagging issue where a tooltip stays up if you move the mouse out while it's fading in -- BUT:
		- I cannot for the life of me figure out a good way to stop this from happening when you scroll your mousewheel but do not move the mouse. Sorry.
- Keyboard Navigation
	- Fixed a conflict between inline image viewer and keyboard navigation in comment links
- Show Parent
	- Fixed a cosmetic issue for users with Comment Boxes turned off
- Live Comment Preview
	- Fixed a few minor bugs with quirky use of markdown, but a couple of minor things are oustanding and seem to be beyond my regexp capabilities for now.
- Style Tweaks
	- Made some updates to RedditDark for users with Comment Boxes turned off
- Save Comments
	- Fixed a bug where "what's hot" in subreddits didn't work correctly

