## v2.5

### New features

- General
	- RES 2.5 is now available as a native Opera extension!
		- Opera users please note: You must first remove the userscript, or the two will conflict and cause havoc!
	- This is the first release of RES that should be auto-updated to users of Chrome and Safari - exciting!
	- A number of performance tweaks (hopefully improvements) have been made
- BetteReddit **NEW MODULE!
	- Full Comments linker has been renamed to BetteReddit, which will contain things considered to be "UI fixes" on Reddit
	- The first UI fix: "save" buttons on links now become "unsave" buttons, and vice versa, upon clicking them.
	- Adds a checkbox below search box in subreddits to automatically restrict search to that subreddit by default
- Spam Button **NEW MODULE!
	- New module - adds a "spam" button to posts for easy reporting to /r/reportthespammers
- Style Tweaks
	- Added a toggle for a colorblind friendly orangered envelope
- Keyboard Navigation
	- Added the following new key functions:
		- "x" key on a comment with images in it expands/contracts all the images
		- "p" key on a comment moves back up to the parent comment
		- "enter" key when a link is selected on a comments page will follow the link
	- Usability tweaks
		- When hitting "x" to trigger an expando, that link is scrolled to the top of your browser so the expando is in view
		- When hitting "h" to hide a link, the next link will automatically be selected
- Inline Image Viewer
	- Added drag to zoom support!
	- Added min.us support for galleries / other links that are not direct image links
	- Added support for links to Flickr that are not direct image links
	- Added further Keyboard Navigation integration (see notes for that module)
	- Now scans expando-loaded selftext for images, too!
		- There is also a setting to automatically expand these images (or not).
- User Tagger
	- For friendlier playing with spam scripts, no longer adding a trailing slash to profile links in user hover tooltip
- SingleClick Opener
	- Added support for ctrl-click to open in background tabs (works everywhere but Firefox, sorry)
- Save Comments
	- "Save" link now becomes "Unsave" when you click it.
	- Updated style sheets for viewing saved comments, fixed some display issues

### Bug fixes

- New Comments Count
	- Fixed a bug where new counts weren't showing on certain sorting methods
- filteReddit
	- Fixed a bug where post titles were hidden by filteReddit when viewing their comments page
- Style Tweaks
	- Fixed a CSS conflict with comment boxes and the dark style (if comment boxes are off, no more boxes in dark style)
	- Updated support for Twitter expandos, which broke when Twitter changed its URL structure a bit.
- Comment Preview / View Source
	- Fixed a bug where you couldn't hide the source of self posts
	- Fixed a bug where clicking "source" button multiple times displayed multiple copies of the source
