## v4.1.3

### New features

- Added the ability to filter by flair (e.g. "gore")
- Several significant efficiency improvements that should make RES run a bit smoother.
- Improvements to keyboard navigation annotations to not be triggered by commonly used reddit "emoticons" (thanks DanGe42)
- A few style tweaks for the header (thanks Marcel)
- Added length display of text/title fields on submission page (thanks gamefreak)
- Added picshd.com support to image viewer.
- Added comma separated album functionality to imgur posts (thanks gamefreak)
- Added the ability for subreddits to trigger RES to enable gonewild filter functionality (thanks gamefreak)
- Improvements to image zooming functionality (thanks gamefreak)
- A number of other minor/less visible inline image viewer tweaks/improvements (thanks gamefreak)
- Added the ability to edit dashboard widgets.
- Zero padding gallery numbers in image galleries to avoid cursor jump.
- Improvements to the behavior of auto sidebar hiding when images are expanded.
- Added "delete" button to table-type options in the console (e.g. accounts in account switcher, etc)
- Updates to imgur support (less reliance on API calls)
- Drastically improved flickr support
- Added "ignored" column to user tagger table in Dashboard
- A large collection of CSS tweaks/fixes. (thanks gavin19)
- Added keyboard navigation option to automatically move to the next post after voting (thanks gavin19)
- Added keyboard navigation shortcut for inbox in a new tab (thanks gavin19)
- Added keyboard navigation shortcut for opening subreddit in a new tab (thanks cpettit)
- Added support for scrolling subreddit dropdown (thanks spencerhakim)
- Semantic improvements to HTML for certain RES elements for friendlier subreddit styling.

### Bug fixes

- Fixed a bug with imgur links not working when they had parameters after them (e.g. ?1)
- A number of new preventative measures to combat subreddits trying to hide the "use subreddit stylesheet" button (thanks Krenair)
- Fixed new comment count overwriting localizations on comments page
- Fixed a bug with Never Ending Reddit not returning users to the correct page after viewing a Reddit comments page.
- Fixed comment hide persistor in Firefox
- Fix for the pesky userbar toggle button size getting messed up in certain situations when closed.
- fix for username links with non-username text bringing up wrong info
- Fixed a bug caused by hiding many links in rapid succession.
- Fixes to live comment preview in Snuownd parser (thanks gamefreak)
- Fixed an issue with the sidebar being hidden on user pages even if expanded images weren't large.
- Fixed an issue with saving filteReddit options for users moving from old versions of RES
- Fixed saved comments tab not showing up on locale subdomains
- Fixed username hider on edited comments (thanks thelinmichael)
- Fixed user tagger on hyphenated usernames.
- Fixed a bug with < and > buttons scrolling too far sometimes.
- Update to remove new message count when needed. (thanks dxprog)
- Fix for comment preview not showing up on edit.
- Fixed an issue with subreddit hover popup on never ending reddit pages
